everyone welcome to mrs. Lynde's kitchen
today I'm gonna show you how to make
simple pass stickers here's everything
you need here is the ingredients
overview first we have 1 pound of ground
pork half a cabbage 4 stalks of green
onions dumpling wrappers 2 tablespoons
of soy sauce 2 tablespoons of sesame oil
1 tablespoon of salt and a cup of water
to use as adhesive on the dumping
referes we also use a dumpling mold
which makes folding the potstickers very
easy and saves you a lot of time so
let's go ahead and get started
mints have the cabbage for a pound of
ground pork you can add more or less for
yours it all depends on how much you
would like in your pot stickers next
next is the green onions they are faster
to cut by slicing them in half lining
them back up together and slicing from
there now we will go ahead and prepare
the ground pork add the minced onions
and cabbage then 2 tables from the soy
sauce 2 tablespoons of sesame oil and 1
tablespoon of salt then we can go ahead
and start mixing them all together
there's plenty of vegetable choices to
add into your pot stickers our
favourites are carrots and shitake
mushrooms to prepare the pot stickers
put about 1 tablespoon of ground pork
mix into the center of the pot sticker
wrapper how to shape the pot stickers
place the pot sticker wrapper into the
dumpling mold and use the water to
adhere the edges to stem the edges with
a small amount of water with your
fingers
once you're done press the mold firmly
in half to make sure it sticks and voila
a perfectly shaped pop sticker and
friends and family over to focus bigger
and have fun together and there you have
it
a great batch of perfectly shaped pot
stickers
now to cook the potstickers put about 1
tablespoon of vegetable oil into a
nonstick pan and spread it out through
the surface
lighten the potstickers to fill the pan
and let them cook until they turn a nice
golden-brown once they're done flip them
over and brown the other side as well
once both sides are brown pour it in the
water into the pan and cover it up to
sting them and make sure they're all
cooked turn the heat down to medium heat
and cook for about three to five minutes
or until the water evaporates and now
they're done yummy crispy and plump
popsicles impress your guests by
arranging them on your favorite
dinnerware alongside some fun floral
shapes carrots and on top of some extra
slices of cabbage you can also make a
simple dipping sauce but combining
sesame oil with soy sauce
hope you are watching how to fix the
opacity purse with me please subscribe
more videos and recipes and visited our
website and mrs. Linse kitchen calm
happy so first you would need to cut the
Chinese